# Jasper 512MB CB-6750

## 2012-02-02 14:12:01, posted by: cjackson

As everyone here has a problem with jaspers like i do, i just wanna share what i do and learn what can i do now  
 if it is possible  
   
 my friend soldered glitch chip and i read nand twice with no errors, mismatchs wrote ECC. it worked few times with caps ( GND - 470pF - 680pF - F(on matrix, it should be cpu\_bypass) ) with tapping legs of caps each others. After that i realise that xbox boot without tapping so i wrote ggbuild image it worked but give RROD sometimes. i thought because it become too hot since i haven't used fans, so pack up xbox till putting dvd drive, plastic over fans and i realise that i put cables in wrong hole (one of the dvd holes ) i cut two cables which go in there and tape them. i didn't remember after that consoles boot one time or not but i may did boot. but after move cables for putting dvdrom in place console didn't boot. i wish i didn't cut cables instead remove one of the plastic legs of dvdrom. anyway i read so many comments, posts, threads. i try evey mentioned cap except ceramic 68nF 100v (mine was 250v 68nf different material coded 68nk250). tapping sometimes give glitch light bu i don't think it ligths because of glitch instead fake ligthing. i measure voltage between GND and all points but cpu\_bypass point gives 0.00 or -0.01 which i think there is no signal   
 CPU\_RST gives 0.68 - .75 V  
 STBY\_CLK gives ~1.65 V  
 POST\_OUT1 gives between 0.05 and 0.25 v  
   
 so if anyone can say anything about voltages between this points and give suggestion i really apraciate it

## 2012-02-09 09:56:16, posted by: webpad

My jasper 256MB CB6570 is glitched with Matrix Glitcher Board. no capacity.  
 voltage :  
 A---CPU\_RST 0.5v   
 B---POST\_OUT1 0~1.7v pulse  
 C---STBY\_CLK(48Mhz) 1.67 V  
 F--- CPU\_PLL\_BYPASS 0.2v